Fix broken fragments (#25522)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/media_queries/index.md

In practice, using minimum or maximum values is much more useful for responsive design so you will rarely see `width` or `height` used alone.

> There are a number of other media features that you can test for, although some of the newer features introduced in Level 4 and 5 of the media queries specification have limited browser support. Each feature is documented on MDN along with browser support information, and you can find a full list at [Using Media Queries: Media Features](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries#syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many other media features that you can test for, although some of the newer features introduced in Levels 4 and 5 of the media queries specification have limited browser support. Each feature is documented on MDN along with browser support information, and you can find a complete list at [Using Media Queries: Syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries#syntax).
```
